Terms of Service
Last Updated: November 1, 2023.
Welcome to the Figma, Inc. (“Figma”, “us” “we” or “our”) website. Please read these Terms of Service (the “Terms”) carefully because they govern your use of our websites including figma.com, figma.com/community (“Figma Community”), designsystems.com and any other websites that we may later own or operate (each, a “Site,” and collectively, the “Sites”); our mobile and desktop applications (“Apps”), our application program interfaces (“APIs”), our software development kits (“SDKs”) and our collaboration tools and other products and services we may later own or operate (collectively, with the Sites, Apps, APIs, and SDKs, the “Services”). Figma Community is our Site where Figma users can share and sell resources (“Community Resources”) with other users. Figma Community is one of the Services we provide, but Community Resources, which are created by users, are not part of the Services we provide and are instead governed by your terms with the creator (“Community Creator”) of the Community Resource.

ARBITRATION NOTICE: UNLESS YOU OPT OUT OF ARBITRATION WITHIN 30 DAYS OF THE DATE YOU FIRST AGREE TO THESE TERMS BY FOLLOWING THE OPT-OUT PROCEDURE SPECIFIED IN THE “DISPUTE RESOLUTION” SECTION BELOW, THESE TERMS WILL, WITH LIMITED EXCEPTION, REQUIRE YOU TO SUBMIT CLAIMS YOU HAVE AGAINST US TO BINDING AND FINAL ARBITRATION SOLELY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS, AND NOT AS PART OF A CLASS, REPRESENTATIVE OR CONSOLIDATED ACTION.

1. Agreement to these Terms
By using the Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you don’t agree to these Terms, do not use the Services. If you are accessing and using the Services on behalf of a company (such as your employer) or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind that company or other legal entity to these Terms. In that case, “you” and “your” will refer to that company or other legal entity.

2. Changes to the Terms or Services
We may modify the Terms at any time, at our sole discretion. If we do so, we will let you know either by posting the modified Terms on the Site or through other communications. If you continue to use the Services after such a change, you are indicating that you agree to the modified Terms. We may also change or discontinue all or any part of the Services, at any time and without notice or liability, at our sole discretion.

3. Service Terms
3.1. Who may use the Services. You may only use the Services if you are old enough to consent (by yourself and not by a parent or guardian) to share your data under applicable law. For example, you must be 13 years or older under most United States’ law, or 16 years or older under California or European Union law. If you are using Figma Community, you must be at least 16 years or older.

3.2. Use Restrictions. Except as otherwise expressly authorized in these Terms, you will not, and will ensure your employees, contractors, and other persons associated with your Figma account (“Authorized Users”) do not, and will not encourage or assist third parties to: (i) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise attempt to discover the source code, object code, or underlying structure, ideas, know-how, or algorithms relevant to the Services (except to the extent that such a restriction is impermissible under applicable law); (ii) provide, sell, resell, transfer, sublicense, lend, distribute, rent, or otherwise allow others to access or use the Services; (iii) copy, modify, create derivative works of, or remove proprietary notices from the Services; or (iv) circumvent any technical limitations implemented by Figma.

3.3. Acceptable Use Policy. You will comply with, and will ensure your Authorized Users comply with, Figma’s Acceptable Use Policy available at www.figma.com/aup.

3.4. Authorized Users; Accounts. As part of the registration process, you will identify an administrative username and password for your Figma account. You represent and warrant that all registration information, including with respect to the list of domains owned or controlled by you for purposes of domain capture, you provide is truthful, accurate, and complete, and that you will maintain the accuracy of such information. You are responsible and liable for maintaining control over your account, including the confidentiality of your username and password, and are solely responsible and liable for all activities that occur on or through your account and all Authorized Users’ accounts, whether authorized by you or not.

3.5. Feedback; Use Rights. We welcome feedback, comments, and suggestions (“Feedback”). As we need to be able to freely work with your Feedback to improve the Services, you hereby irrevocably transfer and assign all right, title, and interest (including all intellectual property rights, such as copyrights or trade secrets) in and to the Feedback, including any and all “moral rights” that you might have in such Feedback, and you hereby forever waive and agree never to assert any and all “moral rights” you may have in the Feedback. Additionally, Figma will have the right to collect and analyze data and other information relating to the provision, use, and performance of various aspects of the Services, and related systems and technologies, and Figma will be free (during and after the term) to use such data and information to maintain, improve, and enhance any products or services.

3.6. Reservation of Rights. As between the parties, Figma owns all right, title, and interest in the Services, and you own all right, title, and interest in any application(s) and/or material(s) that are developed by you on the Services or uploaded to the Services by you (“Customer Materials”). Except as expressly set forth in these Terms, each party retains all right, title, and interest in and to its intellectual property rights. All rights not expressly granted are reserved, and no license, covenant, immunity, transfer, authorization, or other right will be implied, by reason of statute, estoppel, or otherwise, under these Terms.

3.7. Patent Assertion Entities. A “Patent Assertion Entity,” sometimes referred to as a ‘non-practicing entity’ or a ‘patent troll,’ is (a) any entity that derives or seeks to derive most of its revenue from the offensive assertion of patent rights, or (b) directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with an entity described in (a). If you are a Patent Assertion Entity or are acting on behalf of, or for the benefit of a Patent Assertion Entity, you will not assert, or authorize, assist, encourage, or enable any third party to assert, any claim, or pursue any actions, suits, proceedings, or demands, against Figma or its affiliates that allege that the Services infringe, misappropriate, or otherwise violate any intellectual property rights (including patents). This section will survive any termination or expiration of these Terms.

4. License
4.1. License to Services. Subject to the terms and conditions of these Terms, we hereby grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license worldwide (with the exception of (i) jurisdictions that are embargoed or designated as supporting terrorist activities by the United States Government and (ii) jurisdictions whose laws do not permit engaging in business with Figma or use of the Services) for you to access and use the Services for your internal business or personal purposes, depending on your account type. If you have a free account you may use the Services for business or personal purposes, but paid accounts are intended for business use only.

4.2. License to Community Resources. If you use any Community Resources available on Figma Community, you acknowledge and agree that (i) you are obtaining a license to the Community Resource directly from the Community Creator (not Figma); (ii) your license is subject to the terms entered into between you and the Community Creator, (iii) Figma does not and will not have any responsibility or liability under any agreement between you and a Community Creator (or to enforce any such agreement); (iv) by obtaining any Community Resource on Figma Community, you have authorized us to share your relevant data (such as name and email address) with the Community Creator; and (v) Community Resources may be removed from Figma Community at any time for any reason.


